DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
MOM: Daniel...
Oh Daniel...
He can't still be sleeping.
It's way past lunch...
JULIE: Ahh, that's so nice to hear that you and Drago
are back together again!
Yeah...
Well I thought.
after you threw Drago in the river
we'd never hear from him ever again.
Actually Dan, I'm surprised your Bakugan decided
to come back to you...
I know how you can be sometimes...
Hmph!
Like you're one to talk, Runo.
You don't know nothin' about how to treat a Bakugan!
Yeah?
We get along just fine.
Dan!
I must admit, she treats me rather well.
Ah, isn't my Tigrerra a little cutie?
Sorry to interrupt.
but we should focus on Masquerade.
He threatens all of us with his scheme
to steal our Bakugans.
Hey, it's not my fault that jerk beat me!
Daniel? Are you in there?
Get out of bed--
Daniel?
Why didn't you answer me?
Gee mom.
I guess I didn't hear ya callin' me...
Well you had me very worried about you.
Now then.
I have a little job for you to do.
What?
Yeah but can't you I'm busy with my boyz right now?
Never mind your 'boyz'.
I want you to scoot on over to the supermarket.
Huuh?
But mom, you're killin' my chillin' time!
Grocery Town is having a sale on Loin Tips,
your favorite!
Ahhh sweet!
We haven't had them in months!
\u266a Loin tips, loin tips, eat them up, yum. \u266a
I will never understand humans...
Whoa! Cool!
Yeah, I'm pretty proud of 'em myself...
[laughs]
What the?
Hey, what'd ya do that for?
Maybe 'cause I felt like it, ya little freaks...
Besides, you're too young to be messin'
with Bakugans!
Just who do you think you are?
Yeah, why don't you beat it!
No, you twerps should beat it!
[screams]
Yeah, that's it, run to mommy.
Hey, kid!
Wha?
What's up with the costume, you freak?
My name is Masquerade...
That's nice. Who cares?
It appears you think you're quite the Bakugan Brawler...
Are you willing to test your metal, Tatsuya?
Oh yeah, bring it!
Bakugan! Field Open!
I'll start.
Doom Card...
Set!
Gate Card Set!
Guess it's my turn.
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
You don't stand a chance against my Mantris!
Nicely played.
His Mantris has fire attributes...
But he's not nearly strong enough.
I think it's time to exterminate your Mantris.
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Ohhh, I'm sooo scared!
Like your overgrown tin can has a chance!
How shall I counter?
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Okay, my Gate Card gives me another 200 Gs
so that brings my Stinglash up to 560 Gs.
That should do it!
Your move!
Game Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Ha, that's what you call a counter move?
You're going down in the first round, ya creep!
Not after I throw down this card.
Ability Card Activate!
I'm in trouble...
You talk big...
but can you...
back it up, punk?
Ha! My Mantris and Stinglash
are gonna eat your Bakugan for breakfast!
You don't know who you're dealing with, do you?
Gate Card Open...
Whoa! He took both of mine out!
MASQUERADE: Unfortunate for your Mantris and Stinglash,
but there is no escape from the Darkus Power
of this card.
And now they're headed for the Doom Dimension.
I'm so wasted.
Don't know how to break it to you but,
your Bakugan never ever coming back...
You're kidding, right?
When it comes to Bakugan, I'm deadly serious!
RUNO: Ahhh, you can't be serious!
Why do I have to work in here, daddy?
I hate being a waitress...
It's like the most boring job in the whole world.
Oh come on Runo, your mom and I love having you around.
What-ever...
But a girl can't get rich when the place is deserted.
I call it a midday slump.
You should be very proud of your family business, Runo.
Why your father is constantly bragging about you.
Have a look around.
Your father has turned this place
into a shine to his little princess.
You'd think there'd be more than one picture of me..
but no...
now you know why I'm in therapy.
Yeah. well...
can't a father be proud of his only daughter?
Whhoooaa, I have got the freakiest parents
on the planet!
Say Runo, seeing as we're a little slow around here,
you mind running a little errand for me this afternoon?
Yeah, I guess...
I read in the paper
Grocery Town is having a giant meat sale.
And if you go, maybe I'll just make you some liver kabobs!
Ahh, I adore liver kabobs!
Sweet. I just love loin tips! Yum!
Oh great!
I'll bet I'll run into Dan there!
\u266a I love liver kabobs, liver kabobs... \u266a
\u266a Loin tips, loin tips...
\u266a I love liver kabobs...
Ow.
Runo?
Dan?
R- Runo?
Do you live around here?
Yeah... how about you?
I totally do.
Just around the corner.
Well we finally meet...
Yeah, I guess we do.
I mean after talking online for such a long time...
So maybe...
we could be neighbors or somethin'.
I got an idea!
Let's... have... a battle!
You mean like right here?
No silly.
How about we meet later in the park?
Nah.
I wouldn't want to take your Bakugan.
I'm a pretty good brawler.
Well, catch ya later...
Wha?
He dropped his Baku-pod...
BAKU-POD: Welcome Dan.
He's...
got a message...
Hello, Dan, Masquerade here
with a little invitation for you...
Meet me at the river this afternoon.
Around 3 o'clock...
And come alone, if you know what's good for you!
I just hate that creep!
Someone's got to stop him before he ruins everything!
And that someone...
is going to be ME!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
And now, back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Ah man, I really gotta step on it, I'm late!
Mom's gonna be steamed!
Hey, my Baku-pod!
Oh man!
I gotta go back and get it!
Aww. Ya gotta be kiddin'?
Where'd it go?
It's gotta be here!
Unless, Runo saw it first and snagged it up...
So, who you supposed to be?
Name's Runo.
And it looks like Masquerade sent me here
to battle against you!
Ha.
My battle's supposed to be against a guy named Dan.
Not some lame girl.
Dan's the one who's lame!
You mean you--
you beat Dan?
Who cares about Dan?
Did you come here to battle or what, Mr. Not So Big Shot?
I'm challenging you!
Okay.
But you'll be sorry, 'cause I'm gonna whoop you good!
Field Open!
Hey! Hang on!
Runo, what'd ya think your doin'?
Here's a better question.
What do you think you're doing following me?
Well I...
...thought you mighta found my Baku-pod.
This it?
You dropped it back at the mall and I picked it up for you.
Hey.
Is that the thanks I get for finding it?
Man. I've got a message.
Hang on.
You're not Masquerade.
Hello, I'm waiting to battle over here...
Please Dan, I know what you're thinking,
but let me battle him.
Masquerade set up this battle
and he stole my all Bakugan away from me.
I want to have my revenge, Dan.
I know it's no big deal to you,
but it's the whole world to me...
I dunno...
C'mon, c'mon, let's get this show on the road already!
Keep your shirt on.
You in a hurry to lose?
Huh?
'Cause Runo's gonna whip you big time!
Really?
M-hmm.
Game Card Set!
Doom Card Set Now!
RUNO: Okay Runo, this is your one chance,
it's all or nothing.
Everything rides on you Juggernoid!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
What do you think of my opening move?
Not bad.
Now to put the plan into action!
Hmph! Tell me you're jokin'!
Your Bakugan's a turtle?
The only thing it can do is crawl!
Hahahaha...
I'm just a girl.
What do I know about battling anyway?
Now it's my turn to play.
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Gate Card Open!
Let's do some damage!
BAKU-POD: Garganoid Power Level 430 Gs.
Okay, my turn!
Ability Card.
Lightning Shield Activate!
BAKU-POD: Garganoid Power decrease 100 Gs.
How'd he do that?
No clue.
His Bakugan was only 10 Gs stronger than yours!
This is not looking good for me.
I've got to stop this losing streak
before I lose all my Bakugans!
Hey Runo, are you okay?
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Only two left.
Gotta make this work!
You kill me!
You really think you stand a chance?
Or do you wanna pack it in?
Let me finish this.
No.
This is my battle, Tigrerra.
I have a strategy worked out.
Just wait.
As you wish.
You sure, Runo?
Trust me Dan, I've this totally under control!
But?
It's true I haven't been the best Brawler in the past,
but I know I can read this guy.
You gave me this chance, let me prove myself...
Ha, you're little love-fest is makin' me sick!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Fire Judge!
BAKU-POD: Garganoid Power Increase to 430 Gs.
Saurus remains stable.
I'm down to my last chance to win.
Ability Counter Activate!
BAKU-POD: Counter Attack
neutralizes Garganoid Power Increase.
Nice try!
He's right, Runo.
That wasn't much of a move.
His Garganoid's got power.
and loads of it!
Utilize me!
No.
I can do this.
Huh?
Okay let's get this over with!
Garganoid attack!
Just like I thought!
Saurus!
Card Gate Open!
Okay Dan, watch and learn!
With this card, Saurus' Power Level will increase
to the same level as my strongest Tigrerra!
No way!
VOICE: Saurus Power increase.
Yeah, come and get it!
I win!
Settle down!
You just won one round not the whole battle...
I'm just getting started!
Bakugan Battle!
You only get one chance at being lucky, girl!
Ability Card Activate!
Fire Wall!
Too bad you don't know how to fight fire with fire
'cause my Fire Wall's gonna drop your Power Level
by over 100 Gs.
Man, he's good.
For real!
Pyrus Activate!
VOICE: Sensing power level change.
No!
How does it feel to lose to a girl?
Huh tough guy?
I just pulled the old power switch-a-roo on you
and it worked to perfection!
That was awesome!
How'd ya figure that counter move?
It was easy.
He's battles like you so he's kinda predictable.
Gate Card Set!
Okay Saurus, it's up to you!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
That's it! You're going down!
Bakugan Brawl! Bakugan Stand!
Do your worst Fear Ripper!
Show no mercy and rip her Saurus apart!
Gate Card Open, Activate now!
What'd ya doin'? You're not battling!
That's right!
I don't have to!
I'm tired of losing my Bakugan!
This is supposed to be a game!
Right Tigrerra?
You humans are full of surprises...
I've been saving the best for last.
I figure with your power, we can finish off his Garganoid
and walk away with a win!
Your wish is my command.
We can't afford to lose this one, Tigrerra!
It's all or nothing.
Saurus is waiting for you!
I'm impressed at your patience, human.
By my calculations,
your strategy may yet be successful.
Hey, I appreciate the vote of confidence!
You can rely on me to defeat Garganoid...
Let's get this over with, shall we?
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Let's Brawl!
You're mine!
Are you ready, Saurus?
Never more!
Springboard!
Now!
RUNO: Ability Card Activate!
Crystal Fang!
How'd she...
VOICE: Garganoid eliminated.
That was sweet!
I have never seen teamwork like that before!
Not bad, Runo.
You sure showed him.
I appreciate it, Dan.
I tried my best.
TIGRERRA: Excuse me, human,
but I too must say how impressed I was.
Congratulations.
Ah you're sweet, Tigrerra.
Your patience and skill surpassed anything
I have ever witnessed before.
Wow!
Coming from you, I am totally honored!
But you do realize it was you and Saurus
who did the dirty work.
Oh, and I hope you don't mind me saying,
you were kinda of cute back there...
No. [laughs] I don't mind...
Hey look, she's blushing!
[laughter]
I'm so funny, y'know?
It looks like Dan and Runo are getting along.
And I'm glad you both could join us out here
for our little beach barbecue.
Say honey, you think there's any
of your famous loin tips left?
Quit hoggin'!
Me hogging?
You practically ate everything!
Nobody comes between me and my loin tips, ya got it?
I didn't touch your stupid loin tips, beef breath!
Just when you think you've got them all figured out...
Tigrerra, my friend,
I don't think we'll ever understand these humans.